Ah 11
Don't move don't come
The culprit in all this is you
The three of us
Growing up together
Why did you help Chen Jiarong get the crown?
Make excuses for me everywhere
Throw me your unwanted trash
Now.
I will give you the mission of protecting Xuan Kingdom
Shi Yun
Do you think you are a saint?
Brother, this is all my fault
I think I'm right
But you can't involve 17 Ann
Hahahaha
Chen Jiarong, you may not know it yet, right?
17 Ann is chasing again
I did it
In order to successfully ascend the throne
Take 170,000 with you
I'm just afraid that you will guard against me
Brother, you are my only relative
How could I possibly guard against you?
Hmph, you didn't guard against me.
Then why are you him?
Keep saying give me one last chance
I'll tell you what.
I can't get it.
Neither do you
Chen Shuoyue, my daughter is innocent
You let him go?
What's the matter, you came to me?
At your disposal
Brother I beg you
Let go of the fairy
It's because of you that I endure
It's hard to get here today
Or is it calculated by you?
water moon
I want you to suffer as much as I do
On Huangquan Road
Recognize your daughter
No, no.